INSTALLATION:

1. Make sure that you have Python 2.6
(http://www.python.org/download/) and Pyglet
(http://www.pyglet.org/download.html) installed on your computer.

2. Decompress the distribution file (spaceshooter.VERSION.tgz).

RUNNING:

1. In the install directory, run the game server and the game with the
following commands:

python server-demogame.py
python demogame.py

You can specify a port for the game server (server-demogame.py) by
passing the port number on the command line like this:

python server-demogame.py 6969

By default the game runs on port 8080

2. Once the server and game have been started, use Safari on the
iPhone to go to the following URL:

http://[GAMEHOST]:PORT

where [GAMEHOST] is the IP address or name (if you are running DNS) of
the machine hosting the game, and port is the server port number.

PLAYING:

When you access the URL you will get a page with two rectangles, one
green and one red. To join the game, touch the green rectangle while
the game is in the joining state. Once a player has enter the game,
other players have 10 seconds to enter. Once this time has elapsed,
the game starts.

Players move by flicking their fingers in the green area of the web
page and they shoot by flicking their fingers in the red area. The
direction of the flick determines the direction of flight or the
direction of the shot. The distance of the flick determines the
speed. Note that a "flick" is placing a finger in the red or green
area, moving it, and then lifting it. If you do not lift your finger
at the end of the motion, it will not register as a flick.

Games last 60 seconds. At the end of the period, the player with the
most kills is announced as the winner. Then the game goes back to the
joinging state.

LICENCE:

This software is released under the terms of the GPL by Andrew Turley
(aturley@acm.org). It uses the simpleOSC library
(www.ixi-software.net/download/simpleosc.html) which is also released
under the terms of the GPL.
